A H R C  S i t e  V i s i t  N o t e s St atus Done course name senior design dat e A H R C  M E E T I N G  N O T E S : Francklin  Pr ogram Dir ector Jesus  Exper ienced W orker Bryan Simons  Manager who w orks under F rancklin Idea that was mentioned b y Akram: An app t o scan a space or room and it will t ell  you which chemic als to use for what sur faces. A previous tech idea that was in the w orks was a VR en vironment that simulat es a  room cle aning. Ho wever the budget and t echnolog
y was not a vailable for them t o  actually use. Francklin: T ry not to focus too much on disabilit y centered thing.. the y don't ha ve  much training or an ything at all Jesus: Akram asks what Jesus what pr oblems he had while w orking) Jesus sa ys  sometimes ther e are issues lik e broken toilets and the y got a c all special people t o  fix those things which t ake time. Bryan Simons: Explanation of the w ork shifts Morning crew in char ge of maint enance and r epairs Evening cr ew in char 
ge of cle aning Jesus sometimes t eaches other ne w workers basic tasks If it's their first time then Jesus has t o help train them on what t o do and wher e to  put cleaning supplies/chemic als and what floors t o get what stuf f. September 18 , 2025 AHRC Sit e Visit Not es 1 Francklin: In the AHRC building, all floors ha ve small janit orial closet s and main   supply room is in b asement. Lot of the time the janit orial closet s only have limited  supplies and no one r estocks those. No one 
also has an ide a if the supplies ar e in  those closet s so it wast es time if ther e is nothing in the small closet s and the y  have to go to basement inst ead. Jesus: Cer tain floors lik e 10th floor with aut omatic t oilets and so ap dispensers and   have their o wn unique supplies t o use so y ou have to keep track of that as w ell. A challenge is sometimes kno wing the names of the pr oducts because the y  always are changing names or labels and no one r eally knows the specific   ingredi
ents in those chemic als to tell the dif ference.  Identifying appr opriate chemic als for appropriate jobs and stuf f like that Another issue pr esented is that sometimes the w orkers are leaving gar bage bags  behind in the r ooms so ma ybe a check er or confir mation thing bef ore leaving each  room (but that wast es time)  Solution? T ally tracker for collecting gar bage. Basic ally push a but ton everytime  you collect gar bage and so if a floor has 50 gar bage bags and y ou only counted 
 49 then y ou are missing one.. But this is kinda har d because it is not consist ent  with muscle memor y. Bryan: Everything is time b ased so the y have an industr ial average time and w ork loading  software. Business st andpoint need t o make sure the workers are fast and up t o track with   industry . You can't have a slow app that wast es more time to clean even if it  results in mor e performance/r esults. Client s will sign with cle aning comp anies that   can clean faster (time is v alu
ed) Ensuring more quality with the w ork cleaning is har d to implement but ensur ing  less time is mor e achievable in sof tware programs. Bryan wants to help build bet ter habits for the w orkers and bet ter their c areers  AHRC Sit e Visit Not es 2 ISSA  e veryone uses this in the industr y They have this ISSA st andards thing f or everyone to look at. I t includes the time it   takes to clean or vacuum or things lik e that. ISSA offers work loading sof tware so look int o this… look at this
 and ar eas on ho w  to improve this. Challenge in dif ferent managers and k eeping in ventory as people ar e different in  what the y do .. communic ation bet ween workers and managers not alwa ys  consistent as the y always over order or under or der supplies. Look into Japan cleaning syst ems and track ers because the y have notable  inventions t o use as inspiration. How they make workload schedules — t ake contract specific ations and b ase it on   that After they talk with cust omer and se
t pr ices and tr y to create efficient routines t o  meet their r equirements.. Example Cust omer want s to clean garbage every night f or example so y ou want t o  incorporate that int o the worker routine. Having sof tware to track a person's per formance o ver the da y to make sure they  don't fall behind will be v ery useful. The y do not hir e people t o supervise workers  so this will be a good p assive tracker. But how can you make this without being   annoying and in vasive to the worker
s. AHRC Sit e Visit Not es 3 Here is my photo inside the ele vator of the AHRC building AHRC Sit e Visit Not es 4 
